Deprecation: opt-out from config file email (#10440)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: readthedocs/templates/projects/notifications/deprecated_config_file_used_email.txt

{% endif %}

Please add a configuration file to your projects to ensure that they continue building successfully and to stop receiving these notifications.

> If you want to opt-out from these emails, you can edit your preferences in the profile at https://readthedocs.org/accounts/edit/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to opt-out from these emails, you can edit your preferences in your account settings, at https://readthedocs.org/accounts/edit/.
```
